Docs: Reworded sentences to improve clarity (#3)
hirosystems/stacks.js-starters: README.md

# Stacks.js Starters 🚀

> This project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the following Javascript frameworks as the foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the following JavaScript frameworks as the foundation.
```

- <img src="./misc/icons/vue.png" width="16" alt="Vue icon"> [Live Stacks Vue Starter Template](https://stacks-vue.vercel.app)
- <img src="./misc/icons/angular.png" width="16" alt="Angular icon"> [Live Stacks Angular Starter Template](https://stacks-angular.vercel.app)

## Quick-Start a Stacks.js project

> This project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the desired JS framework as the foundation.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps move this to the top and above the template bullets? So folks know right away what this project is about.

> This project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the desired JS framework as the foundation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the following Javascript frameworks as the foundation.
```

Reviewer 2: This statement would be true if we move this description to the top.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also expand JS = Javascript

> ## Quick-Start a Stacks.js Project

Reviewer 2: Could we add an intro/overview paragraph to describe this repo's intent or objective? Explaining that first and getting into the usage steps next would be helpful.

IMHO, this project aims to help quickly bootstrap frontend applications with Stacks.js on top of the desired JS framework as the foundation.

## Options

Run the `npm create stacks` command to launch interactive mode by default.
Similar commands exist in other package managers.
e.g., `yarn create stacks`

> The [`npm init`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-init) and it's alias `npm create` can be seen as an alias for `npm exec create-<...>`.

Reviewer: This one should stay a possessive `its`, right?
